before we begin let me start by saying
this is the story of elliot ness
an accountant stone malone and capone
the stars of our movie today are
dances with wolves and robin hood
double 07 and robin hood vito's grandson
vincent
and vito play
our story begins in 1930s right now
prohibition has transformed chicago into
a city of oil rival gangs compete for
control of the city's billion dollar
empire of illegal alcohol
enforcing their will with the hand
grenade and tommy gun is the time of the
gang lords is the time of al capone
so yes that's right now al capone
getting himself a mani petty and
reporters standing around observing this
primp and are like
is it true when people don't buy your
liquor you play wacka fool
then obama puts a big slice right across
that crime boss cheek and he's like
oh [ __ ] [ __ ] you just lost
yourself a chance to make an extra buck
shaving my ass
meanwhile here's somebody who don't buy
al's liquor and i know what you're
thinking
you're thinking that case contains a
bomb but you're wrong
it's just a case and this nice little
child gonna take it back to that nice
young man
and then
[Music]
over here in pleasantville mrs ness is
packing a sack lunch for mr ness to let
him know how proud she is of her lovely
guilt-free husband on his first day as
special agent in the bureau of
prohibition
and here he is on his first day as
special agent in the bureau of
prohibition
and here he is on the first rate as
special agent in the bureau of
prohibition
and i know what you're thinking you're
thinking them cases contain bootleg
booze but you're wrong again
burn there's less interesting this raid
on al capone's liquor shed
than geraldo found in al capone's vault
all thanks to some crooked po-po
keeping out on the down-low and making a
mess of mr nelson
and walk some random cop on the beat
questioning elliot
about why he's a little bug and why he's
packing heat and so elliot tells him
i'm a special agent i just made a damn
fool of myself in front of god and
everybody
so the cops like well far be it from me
to interrupt your little
pity party then ellie's like why are you
gonna turn your back on an iron man
what if i'm not really a special agent
and the damn cop is like
i already seen the paper full and the
only thing worse than your gig as a
special agent is your robin hood accent
and because he so greatly appreciates mr
connery's honest assessment of his bad
acting
he pays him a little visit and requests
his assistance he's like
i appreciate the advice and i'm not even
going to mention how even though i made
robin hood sound american
you made robin hood and king arthur
sound scottish
because i need help so malone tells
elliot that the first thing he gotta do
is find himself some cops who ain't
already got capone's hand down their
pants
front or back so they go to the po-po
training center where they can teach you
how to think and how to feel
where they find an italian played by a
cuban and they exchange a few
racial slurs before the italian played
by a cuban pulls a gun on the irishman
played by
scott and malone be like oh he's hot
and finally they recruit this bad the
assassin
i mean accountant well good to see this
a team is found near mr t
so he kind of little so they conduct
that first successful raid
have a little den den and pose for a
kodak moment pause for criminal
soliloquy and i guess i don't have to
tell you he ain't impersonating samuel
sosa in this scene
pet free plus std so remember that
smooth criminal from the opening scene
that left the case in the place with to
somebody who don't buy house liquor
well now here he is again threatening
another child
the child of eliot ness who abruptly
places his family into one very pimpin
cop car to be escorted off to who the
hell knows where
and off they trot all the way to the
canadian border where they team up with
dudley do right to
do what do right so dudley dumps up on
the mountain shouting their plans like
he don't even give a good god damn if
the gang hears them or not
which reminds me did you know old dude
wright was played by brendan frazier
and his decisions like that which
explained why he to this day ain't got
no career but i digress
and in this scene where if you turn the
volume way down on your tv
sean connery makes the following
inspirational speech laura met from
dollar settlement
concerto to the serpent elter said um
[Music]
dumb as an eager beaver so then the
untouchables proceed to kick some
serious ass
pew pew and boom [ __ ] boom so mr nice
has to do some shooting and then gets
pissed about it and yells out of dead
man
but he's still breathing see it sit
and look at what we have here george
mr capone's money man because if you
can't get that crook on his serious
crimes against humanity
get that fit on tax evasion
but of course the loyal crony won't sing
so they gotta do something to make
george turn his through the looms into a
fudge factory
breaking news smooth criminal disguised
as cop worms evil
into elevator with george and mr little
t so what have we learned
when you win you still lose and
sometimes you'll lose and then you lose
again
so you're either gonna lose and then
lose again or you're gonna win and then
lose
but you're never gonna win win lose lose
or win lose
so you might as well grin and bear it
and go make yourself some chicken ramen
noodles
and then ellie gets up and capone's face
and he's like they teach you that in the
cia
they teach that and then i'll just turn
around like she got me all frazzled
but you know malone got connections like
the corrupt police chief
he needs him to tell him where capone's
stashed his head bookkeeper
and when he won't talk we see what
happens at the nursing home one day
down to one prune pudding his gaze has
gone wild
shawsha touch and then the smooth
criminal is standing outside malone's
window
and casually takes a match from a book
which shows you where he wrote the
address of my loans apartment
convenient i know i wish this cameraman
stopped hiding so we can see what the
we're looking at oh there he is and
instead of shooting the belt with the
weapon
he just shoots him a racial slur runs
his right out the apartment and runs his
own
right into an ambush and as much as i
would like to believe malone crawled all
the way down the hall by shia scottish
will
iris will whatever but something tells
me it's just bad writing
then elliott and faith show up at
malone's apartment and find him
still alive and malone reaches for
something and then
it's like you little saint and malone's
like tahoe
and ellie is screaming the bookkeeper
the bookkeeper
he's on this train and malone's like
quit yelling i'm dying not deaf
i want you to do one last thing for me
pop their cherries
so they go to the train station and ella
looks at a clock
then he looks at this baby then look at
the doe then he looks at this baby
then he looks at some sailor they look
at the door they look at this baby
they look at the clock they look at this
baby then look at this man looking at
his watch
then look at this baby then look at the
doe then look at the man looking at this
woman
then you think about looking at the dog
but then he looks at this baby then he
looks at the dog
then he looks at this baby then back to
the dog then back to the baby
then looks at the clock then losing this
baby and of course mr nice is like
look i'm gonna help you with this baby
then he rolls the carriage up the steps
while looking at this baby
perfect timing and i could have sworn he
got this baby up the top step
but y'all gotta stop expecting brian de
palma's movie to make sense
and then more pew pews and more pew
views and more pew views
damn it okay pause were you just trying
to be a good mother but you getting in
the way of a cop trying to pop some
crime loads cherries
and somehow vincent and elliot
take approximately 18
minutes and 23 seconds
to kill all the mobsters and save
this baby while taking one last
look at the doe just
playing and meanwhile the bookkeeper is
screaming like
i'll tell you what you want to talk
about
he do say that okay paul's how can a man
look
this cool on his back holding a gun and
this baby in a carriage
must be the hat and the hairy hands and
then stone just goes ahead and off the
fella
and this is the face of a man who looks
like he ain't gonna ever be able to eat
a plate of spaghetti again
they'll get you on the witness stand
pain and tell on your boss
but capone looking awfully chill what's
that note say
do you like me circle yes no
what it don't say is i'm packing heat
and what i also don't say is
the chief of police is my [ __ ] but this
note right here does
so at least like i need a smoke and oh
[ __ ] sickles elliot finds the matchbook
with the address to malone's
what does he still have matches in that
same matchbook i don't know
because he's just a casual smoker he's a
dumbass he enjoys keeping mementos of
his killings
sicko and there's a long chase
skip and after he admits to kill him
alone
and makes a racial slur he's how can i
say this delicately
instead of sleeping with the fishes he's
flying with the pigeons
well it ain't supposed to rhyme mama
dammit but then stone brings in that
love note with a list of 12 jurors who
done being set up by capone to save
capone's awesome
and maybe shave it too and compose the
lawyer free stuff out and enter a plea
of
guilty that looked like one crazy mofo
and then ellie is like yeah well what
the hell you know about it capone
back in his office elliot reminiscing
over some headlines
ah good times then he looks at his kodak
moment of him and his partners in crime
fighting and the saddest part of this
scene is you know everybody's just
looking at him alone and then forgot all
about poor little walter
i mean wally i mean william see that's
why i didn't mention his damn name i
knew you wouldn't remember it
so now he's locked up capone and he
gives stone to saint him alone
and he walks out the office all sad and
then the reporter who's been nagging
that's the whole damn movie but wasn't
worth mentioning is like
they say they're gonna repeal
prohibition what are you going to do
next
and then it's like i'm going to disney
world
no i'm just playing take it back he said
i'ma get faced the end
be sure to like share and subscribe for
your regular shout out meth
join me in offering a big how-to do and
thank you to these fine patrons
you can expect me to upload more videos
every time i feel like keeping it real
for movies explained for i'm jab
do ride or die mama
you got my spaghetti ready